###The Django project can have multiple apps

There are typically several pieces of an app
- models.py - Data Layer of the application, such as the scrtuctures of the database tables and how they are queried
- admin.py - Adminstrative Interface for viewing and updating data for that application.
- views.py - Control Layer, aka the program logic for that app. Each one takes in an http request and returns an http response.
- test.py - tests the app, determines automated tests for code within the app.
- migrations/ - holds migration files that automate how database tables are created or changed over time for that app. often autogenerated, but can be created by hand.

###Settings we need to change
- INSTALLED_APPS - when adding a new Django app
- TEMPLATES - when adding static assets for the first time
- STATICFILES_DIRS - when adding static assets for the first time such as css and javscript

###Settings you may want to change
DEBUG - default set to true, but when deployed to production, set to false. During set to true, security risks

DATABASES - changing databases from PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc.

##THE INVENTORY PROJECT
- Store


(migration commands)
- python manage.py makemigrations
- python manage.py migrate

##THE REGULAR EXPRESSIONS
- the regular expression "person must be this tall" will match the string person anywhere in the text.
- \d : will match a single digit character. d stands for digit and the b
backslash will find any digit character.
- \d+ : will match one or more character.
- ^admin/ will match anywhere where a /admin/ is displayed, but will not locate this within the text.
